1.	CREATE TABLE Record
(
Id		INTEGER,
Name		TEXT,
Address		TEXT,
Phone		INTEGER,
);
1.	INSERT INTO Record (Id, Name, Address, Phone)
VALUES (‘1’, ‘Mercy’, ‘Lagos Island’, ‘1221000’)
2.	UPDATE Record
SET Phone= ‘20864248’
WHERE ID = 1
3.	Select * FROM Record
4. 	SELECT Id, Name
FROM Record
5.	SELECT Id
FROM Record
WHERE Id = ‘1’
6.	DELETE Record
7. 	ALTER TABLE Record
	DROP COLUMN Phone






2. MERCURY TOURS
Bug ID.	
001	Verify  that the Flight hyperlink links the user to the flight page

	The hyperlink redirects the user to the Homepage due to the fact that the user wasn’t Signed on. Therefore a prompt or  message displaying that the user should Sign on before the page can be made available should be added 
Bug ID.	
002	Verify that the  Business Travel @ About.com hyperlink links to a web page with information about Business Travel	

	The link is broken and displays the 404 error message as the title of the web page that is generated in a new tab and the page displays that the page not available
Bug ID.
003	Verify that the user is able to navigate back to the home page using a back button		

	Back button should be integrated into each page in other for user to have a more friendly approach to the website

Bug ID.	
004	Verify that the  Salon Travel hyperlink links to a web page with information about Salon Travel	1.	 

	The link is broken and displays the 404 error message in the web page that is generated in a new tab and the page displays that the page is not working
 
Bug ID.

005	Verify that the system accepts the correct password upon registration of user to sign on

	There is no verification of the password and confirm password as the system does not verify that the passwords are the same 
	
Bug ID.

006	Ensure that an error message is displayed when user inputs wrong details in the text fields

	No error message is displayed when user inputs either the wrong username or password, 
	No error message is displayed when system is unable to process a request of being redirected to another page
	
Bug ID.

007	Verify that a registered user is able to sign in on the website

	User is unable to sign in with valid username and password as the website does not record user details, user has to register each time to be get some required information


3.

II	Smoke testing
III	Retest 
IV	Regression
I	Sanity testing
